To understand Varus, we need to see it beyond individual features and recognize it as a complete internet protocol. Let's dive into its genesis and what it allows you to do today. May 21, 2018, Varus launched with the same fairness as Bitcoin a decade earlier. Fifteen minutes after a public online announcement, one lucky minor, one a block, and earned the first Varus coins to ever exist. Varus emerged as a blockchain network and also a big audacious vision for a next-generation internet protocol. One powered and secured by people worldwide, mathematically verifiable and designed for a world of provable data and an AI-enhanced future. The Varus protocol empowers all of us with a voice in global discourse. Safe guards are privacy and ensures we all have a seat, a self-suffering seat at the table of the global digital economy. Thanks to a large, organically grown worldwide community, the Varus Internet Protocol or VIP is now a reality exceeding the goals of its original vision. Using advanced cryptography known as zero-knowledge privacy and the scale of an unlimited number of independent connected blockchains, VIP turns yesterday's cryptocurrency promises into reality today, eliminating high fees, scaling problems and entire classes of hacks that have led to billions of dollars lost in stolen. VIP provides a functional foundation for an economical, privacy-preserving, commerce-enabled, people-powered internet. Finally putting you in full control of your identity, your data, your social connections, and your funds. Varus is open, available to you and everyone, designed to be fair and secure independent of any central server that might fail, controlled only by the people who use it, not a company or central organization that might exert control over the network or over your transactions. Varus is peer-to-peer, verified by everyone using it, and as long as people value and use the protocol, it remains permanent and unstoppable. It's provable, fully open source, unlimited in scale with enough capacity to be used all day, every day by everyone on Earth. Get Varus mobile on the app and play stores, join the Varus community and be part of this financial revolution, where your identity, data and finances are yours to control. No limits, no boundaries.