 If Mac turns around and takes vault alert and adds, you know, revocation services for a fee or different things like that, I mean, that's contributing to the underlying protocol, you know, some of us and all of us actually have been part of the community. I mean, we need to get the underlying protocol, rent free, irreparable, scalable, secure, you know, self-suffering ideas, the name space, and all of that in place. And then actually, like all of us could build our own opportunities on top of that, you know, in a way that really creates value and turns value to the people creating it. But I think it's just key that the underlying protocol that we're all, I actually intend over time, building stuff on top, I don't know when I'm going to stop building the stop and never, you know, don't intend to stop. I don't know when it's going to be the right time to say, okay, we got the underlying rent free, scalable, you know, debaust protocol in place and there's really a need to build services above, you know, not all services above should be free because we're people in a world economy. You know, people are creating certain kind, I mean, the source in the underlying protocols and all of this, I think that should be free and absolutely. But when people start building like vertical value that they've got to get some return on or it just won't happen, I think that's reasonable too. And I think people can create opportunities for themselves, whether you know, all of us, if we work on an opportunity that is, whether you know, some people are doing trading or some people are doing, you know, the opportunities being real businesses that are built using, you know, various p-bass currencies, I mean, there are really so many opportunities that we're going to be possible, you know, that. Doing those, people in the community will be the earliest ones with those opportunities, the understanding to leverage that. Doing those will not only help, but really be necessary over time for the growth of the entire platform and network. I'd be happy to see any number of people in the community, you know, pursue opportunities with what we're building and be able to become self-sauver and not necessarily, you know, they're feeling like they have to actually work for someone or an organization dictating what they need to do, but field, they should be doing different things and everybody should have the opportunity to do what they contribute in ways that they really believe will make the most difference. I actually joined lessons and maybe given updates on point, but I don't think I should be first, I think I should. I can have a chance to just listen to the meeting too. It happens. I wanted to point out what creative ninja boasts it has an action though view in my most opinion about what various is and can do and how we differ from other platforms that have to do. I've just had to have defy protocols and with that article as a basis, it would enable you to. Explain to people that are not aware of various that are fully immersed in other projects or are totally newbies to point at what we why we are different, what we do different. I think it's it's a great article. I do have some reservations about specific things, but nothing major basically. So I can encourage you to read that and to use that if you try to own more people because we try to get people in, of course, and create that interest into various and why they should use it. So that sounds like a great opportunity. Max's recap of the month January is out, of course we have all seen the Vultilur website that Mike just mentioned. Easy to check if your Vultil is still locked on your ID. So I think that's our things that set us apart from any other blockchain and becoming a utility of test net, of course, will make all the difference. And I really like the discussions said that I've seen in discord right now about bridging and the vulnerabilities at certain. Mike, maybe you could explain to us at some point in the meeting why the fear of bridging is different from all the other bridge shall there. Yeah, I'm happy if you want to do that. Yeah, I'd be happy to do that and also I appreciate that you pointed out those articles. Is there a tweet to share around that Bitcoin insider made of Ninja article? Because I'm not sure that I saw one on that. I shared one. I haven't read it on the monthly recap. I haven't seen that if there's a tweet about it. I'll put it up online as a piece. Okay, and then yeah, actually the bridge. That's really because when that all started to happen. I know all bits wrote some things about that and we had a discussion and that was great. I've been focused like we actually have a release that we're working to get out right now. And I don't, I didn't actually talk to people working on it this morning. I know exactly where it is, but I do know that like we don't. I haven't in any reported issues on, you know, the P best that we talked about and the bridging that includes that and I'll definitely talk about this in a second. And that Chris started jumping in just to get the new hardened Ethereum contracts running. And that actually, so like yesterday, a fixed an issue that would, you know, brings up the newer hardened or more hardened ethbridge on one side. And I don't know really where that is on the other side today, but so basically we've got to release that's on its way that's going to do a major upgrade to test net. Is all working on the P best side and the only real question is are we going to have the folder or newer more hardened ethbridge when this rolls out and it's. You know days, but I don't know exactly how many small number and so bridges. Yeah, so the main difference is this. No, everybody likes to make a lot of like, I don't complex. I want to create a pain to complex picture of why their bridge is so great and how it works. No, and bridges as actually vitally because pointed out they kind of boil down to in most cases bridges are just multi-sigs they're just a group of people who say, oh yeah, this money can go over there, you know, and. And so, like, selecting that group of people is usually what bridge technologies are about and now there are you know if you look at like the atomic swap. So, you know, it's it's arguably. I'm different than what I'm describing and be, but it's also not really the same. Kind of thing. It's not really accepted as the same kind of thing. And so when you look at bridging that would enable you to send. One currency to another system and leave it there or move it around or use it there. Those technologies, the ones that I am aware of and have seen are generally. Boiled down to some form of a multi-sig of people who agreed that that was okay to do so various actually works a little bit differently. And it and in fact is kind of predicated on the idea that. Prova transaction cross chain on another chain that came from. You know, another chain. You should be able to have cryptographic proof of that transaction. Inputs and what it's doing that is as close to as good as possible if not as good as the cryptographic proof that we use on a local blockchain to prove inputs and outputs of you ticks O transactions. And that's really what we worked to create. So there is, you know, notaries are witnesses to the existing rules being followed on the blockchain. And after miners and stakers have been following those rules are agreeing that, you know, this is in fact the correct. Chain based on the rules that's it. That's what they do. Notaries do that. They don't sign transactions that are, you know, money that then get sent over to another chain as approved by this group. That isn't how it works. That's how it works on other bridges that I'm aware of in the general case. Our bridge is different in the sense that what we do is there is a process. Now right now we include notaries for finalization of that. There is a process to just determine the agreed upon state of the blockchain. That's just a thing. And when we had like two years ago when we had a test net that actually was doing auto-notarization, it used a process with an algorithm that we we can still use, but we, we want to get through all I think I mentioned this before all of the cryptographic proofs of the auto-notarization. Just to say, okay, that's as just as correct before we can actually get rid of notaries and there are some questions around civil attacks and things like that for just agreeing on the state. Okay, final state finalization. And so once we know that is the state of the blockchain, that's the state of the virus chain, that's the state of the Ethereum chain. Or that's the state of the virus chain and that's the state of a P-bast chain. For any other chain that we're bridging to that is all we need to know. Every other part of the bridge sending currency sending identities, sending currency definitions to make the currencies interoperable across systems and allow the flow of different currencies that you didn't anticipate at the beginning. All of these things which are in the release on test net are proven cryptographically based on just a fact that that is the chain state. And no group of anyone, no group of notaries, no group of signers or privileged, you know, Dow members sign the transaction that sends currency from one chain to another. So, even cryptographically using the state, the known state of the other chain that would not be accepted. It wasn't correct. It's proven cryptographically that those transactions, the person who sent those transactions on the other chain, the miners who rolled them up, minor who imported them. And on all sides, people are just following the protocol. And for every output, even if it goes through a defy conversion, there is a corresponding input. And the corresponding conversion, or not, every fee output in the native currency, there is a corresponding source. And so, difference is really that our bridge is a cryptographic bridge. The process of determining the root of the other chain can work in a number of different ways. We have what we call auto-notarization that happens with mining and staking and then is witness by notaries. And those notaries, they don't do, they don't process money transactions. They simply are witnesses like real notaries in real life. They just, yep, I agree. And then another one in another part of the world says, yep, I agree. And they don't use like with salana, oh, they're using the whisper protocol who cares like really like who cares the whisper whatever protocol you use, between people who are trying to agree on something. If it isn't on the blockchain, it's just another layer of complexity. But okay, you can do it. If it's a network that allows them to communicate, then great, it's a network that allows them to communicate. But all of the descriptions of these different bridges are, it's just like what we call lipstick on the pig, you know, or what I've been in groups that call that, you know, it's like the fact is that most bridges are just a multisig of people saying this money can go over there and be minted as these currencies over there. We don't do that at all. I should, there is in a centralized currency. That's what we call a centralized currency. You can do that actually, I'm sorry. We do that all day long on centralized currencies. Those are what we call centralized currencies. You know, a Dow can create a centralized currency. Anyone, in fact, okay, that's the same as what people are doing except that the difference is that it's a lot more straightforward. You don't have to use a whisper protocol and who all sorts of, you know, fancy wormhole tricks to make it work with EVM and everything else. All of those things just create more risk of errors. And when you're working on a platform with an unlimited number of EVM contracts, the platform itself is not auditable. It's impossible. It's just theoretically impossible to audit because any audit you start today is going to be, you know, you're going to have a hundred more different fundamental money manipulating contracts on that protocol, you know, in the next day. So you cannot audit the protocol and when you audit one EVM contract, it's like, what did you do? It's like a tiny little drop in the sea of all of the random programmer errors that everybody makes and they're, you know, adding how many contracts every day to the platform that are manipulating money. And so what we're trying to do is take out the, you know, actual complex nature. We're not hiding behind all these different, oh, it does this protocol or that protocol or by name. It's just pretty simple, you know, you get the root of each chain that gives you a provable like with a Merkel mountain range or on a theorem is Patricia trees on the motto, if they did the bridge, it would be, you know, the Merkel of Merkel's, you know, on Bitcoin. On Bitcoin, it would be like a Merkel of Merkel's or we would just, we could just do a Merkel mountain range for Bitcoin quite easily, you know, the bottom line is that you just get a root of each chain. You know what kind of protocol you're dealing with and what you have to prove in order to know that there were sources of that input and that they match in the protocol. And then you just prove them. And then you break it. So it's now now it's two separate issues. One is, how do you get the root of a chain? That's where we do the, the mining and the staking and everyone's involved in being incentivized with that protocol. And then you have notaries just witnessing, yep, that's correct. They got a little little part of it just for running because that's their motivation. They're running. They're watching the chain and they say, yep, that's the right. That's the right one. They all say it worldwide, you know, and they do it on the blockchain. Everybody can watch it. And if anyone wanted to say, oh, I'm going to write a monitoring program to make sure that, you know, the various protocol is working exactly as it should. That's actually quite easy to do. And, you know, anyone who wanted to just say, oh, I'm not going to trust it if the protocol's not working as it should exactly. They could just verify that it was because everything is public protocol provable, cross chain provable, same chain provable. And the defy protocol and the p-bass cross chain protocol, the ethereum cross chain with various protocol. They're really all the same protocol. And because of the, you know, cross chain with ethereum on the ethereum side. Yes, as all bits pointed out, we need to use an ethereum contract because that's the only way they know how to do it. So that they don't have any knowledge at the lower level of protocols that could keep things more secure. They just have this wild west at the EVM level. So, okay. But in our contracts on the ethereum side, they don't do much. They really don't do much. They don't try to do defy and all of the things that, you know, they don't try to be super fancy with, we know, by frost bridges or wormhole whisper tricks or any of this stuff. It simply just take the same reserve transfers in that we support on all of our p-bass chains and various. And they send that, they validate that it's a regular transaction and they make sure that the source funds are there. And then they send that transaction over to various, actually, and various pulls the transactions from them. And anyone can do that. Because all verus needs to know is the root, the ethereum blockchain and everything else is just provable. And there's no, you know, verus doesn't take a multi-sig if verus, if verus used the multi-sig model, the way that that would work is just would be a centralized currency run by the ID. That is that currency, which can have, you know, 13 of 25 as sign or so it's a dow. So, you know, somebody could do that too. You as a user on the verus platform, whether you're on the p-bass chain or the verus chain, you know that that currency is a centralized currency. And that, you know, you're going to need to trust whether it's like a WBTC type currency or something. You're going to need to trust the group of people behind it to be doing everything correctly. And that's kind of where bridges are today, cross-chain bridges, but they don't really just come out and say it for many reasons. Anyways, that's just a overview of why we're different. I'll say one more thing about p-bass because there were a lot more people on that we had last time and it wasn't recorded last time. That is that when you're running on p-bass chains on the new test net, that's about, you know, it's going to be released in days. You can move the definition of one currency cross chains so that that currency can now be sent through the bridges to other chains. You could, for example, and this is, you know, when we get to main net, this is how it will work. You could, for example, define or launch a currency on a p-bass chain. Not even on verus. And the definition to verus, use that in verus, um, the actual liquidity baskets, then that definition over to Ethereum, though the Ethereum bridge won't be able to do this in this first release, but by the time we get to main net, that is one of the priorities of getting that into the Ethereum bridge. Send it to Ethereum as an ERC 20 automatic, like automatically created ERC 20 definition. And then you can send all those currencies back and forth. So you're basically like punching holes through the bridges, but they're completely provable. They follow all the protocol and everything is provable and the reason that we're going to be able to not going to. Well, we're doing it now on the testing. You'll be able to do it in the next few days on test net. You'll basically be able to say, okay, I can take the Ethereum currencies that we will have through the Ethereum bridge. And I can send those to any p-bass chain and I can use them on those p-bass chains and I can send them back to verus. And I can create currencies on one p-bass chain that I, that I moved the definition of that currency, verus, and to another p-bass chain. So any currency definition, any ID definition, be it anywhere from the verus network or the network of verus compatible blockchains, the IP protocol compatible blockchain, will be able to be used on any other part of the network through this protocol. And we can start doing that in days on test net. And I don't know of a bridge that does that, for example. The reason that we're able to do that and I don't even know how other, I don't even know how other platforms will be able to do this without verus IDs. They're not going to be able to do it with what I've seen so far because the way that it works is because we have a verus ID hierarchical namespace that allows that's also bound to currencies and bound to blockchains, which was all part of the plan. And we're able to do this. I have volume dot eeth. I get that from, you know, theorem to verus. Same, golem dot eeth, that name, golem dot eeth is going to be the same currency on every blockchain in the network using that currency. And we have a very, very free part of the fractal unlimited chain protocol network. We'll be able to know when it receives that currency. Is it coming, where is it coming from, or did it, like, what chains did it go through to get there. So the interoperability is not just one system interoperating with another on the hard-coded currencies. We decided to allow it to interoperate with. It's really a truly interoperable, you know, limited chain and system interoperable blockchain network. And it's not based on the kind of bridging that Vitalik assumed when he said bridging isn't going to be good because he was assuming the wrong kind of bridging in his world. Yeah, for the EVM and the models they've got to work with and that they have to cram their ideas into, yeah. They're having lots of troubles. And it's easy to say these words, we're not on main net yet, but so far I haven't seen any of any of the problems that I've seen on these different bridges. There are not problems that our model is susceptible to. So that's, you know, another reason why we're just making sure that we get this right. We release it. And it's a new model. It's provable, bridging. All you need is to know that you understand the state of the other chain. It's provable bridging. And you know, I don't, we took a different approach and everyone else. And the ideas fit right into that to make it something that I don't own test net. It just works. It's really, it's really beautiful. And I don't know. I kind of wish that I had time to jump into that conversation about the Solana bridge hack and all this stuff because, but I think it's, I still believe it's more valuable for us to just get this stuff done. And for people like all bits who understand, you know, how to, how to help others understand and maybe some people now on this discussion or who read what all bits had to say or, you know, would know more about how to talk about it. I'm happy to answer questions. If we would help people know how to talk about it. And when we finish this stuff and it's on main that I will be in those conversations. I'm not going to be so quiet. But right now, you know, my energy is focused on getting these things done along with other people who have their energy focused on that. And just finishing them and getting them released and it's going well. Right now it's going well. And you know, the new, I really hope that people will take advantage of the new test net and we're going to do more on it because of what it's capable of doing so. Anyways, I'll stop and people have questions fine, but then I'll find going to wrap to you. So maybe just let people see if there are any questions and then continue and I'll take over. I know I talk a lot when I talk. I don't worry Mike everybody joins listening so I did see a question from was it bishop? How are the initial, no issues and what resources said they haven't wanted? We're going to do's notaries in the community for the eighth bridge. It's going to include people working on it and people who have been contributing along the way. And people who really have the basically what you'll need to be able to do and and you're it's not going to be about the first time at first. It's just because. Right now the the first step is going to be get the east edge working and we didn't I don't want to delay this with having discussions about oh it's protocol is decentralized only thing and everybody can monitor everything. And the only thing that we're going to be doing is you know making sure that each chain is the root that it says it is that's it that's the only the minors and stakers are going to make about 25x more on just the. And notaries and notaries are not necessarily actually going to make money because it only depends on how much is used on the bridge. But the the only thing that notaries are going to need to do it will need to be able to respond if there are events on the network. And so we can't just be you know people who aren't accessible or who aren't willing to just help when something happens immediately. We can't have notaries that behave like that. We're going to need to have basically the notaries are going to have to care about the network and they're going to need to run. It doesn't not even have to be public nodes in fact we're kind of expecting that the notaries aren't going to run public nodes for their notarization because. All the notaries are only job to watch the network. It's like any user would watch the network and they get are prevented from witnessing the network until a certain number of blocks passed. For the minors and stakers said this is correct and put in a proposed notarization. The boundaries are not allowed to sign and notarize until after the minors and stakers have actually put that in. So if the minors and stakers don't notarize that means anyone can do it. The minors and stakers don't notarize that notarization won't happen. The minors and stakers are going to be putting the notarizations into their blocks. There are rules that are built into the demon and you know on how that works. Pools will be able to do it minors and stakers will be able to do it. And the way that that works is once they do it they they will be subject to a reward. That. Potarization is used to prove to root of the chain. It'll be subject to a reward. That's based on the commerce of what that was used to prove. That's good. And then the notaries will wait right. I think right now on test and it's like 15 blocks minimum. That typically includes a confirmation by another notary or means are by another minor or staker. J also confirm. And then the notaries can start to. Greed by posting their signature on the blockchain. I agree. I agree. And when there are. Enough notary signatures on the block chain saying they agree. And then the other side can validate that. Yep, it's the correct. I'm like you've got the correct state on my side because that's. Practographically provable or not. It won't be accepted if it's not. And. All of the notaries that need to. And then the other side. And then the other side. And once that's done. Now we have a new confirmed notaryization on both sides. And so the. The notary really only needs to run a native node. Um. We think about it. Conceivably a notary somebody could make a light node. Notary. Wall it because basically. You know, probably better. Or the worldwide network. If nobody really knows exactly what. IP and port address. Notary node is running from so that it can't be. Targeted for any reason. Um, so it's that much more unstoppable and censorship resistant. And the. And then after we get through. I don't know the first. Like. And months. No or six months or a year. We could do voting. Um. And this kind of thing. But I think more likely we're really going to work to just. The eliminate the need for notaries. But that's the goal is to just the reason that notaries are. Portment right now. It's not because we can't. Graphically prove that one side or the other. Um. It's a valid chain. It's that one thing that's incredibly hard to prove. Is that the network was accessible and visible to everybody. That's really the only thing that is really hard to prove. And so what you want to be able to do is you want to be able to have notaries that are around the world using regular nodes. They're basically just saying I see this because that is a way as long as those notaries are simply running their nodes and doing that job. That is a way to be sure that the internet wasn't split. Because when we're designing protocols that have to work on a worldwide network, we do have to take into consideration the possibility that there could be a literal split in the internet between some set of countries because at some point there will be and in the past or has been. And if you have a model where you've got practically notaries worldwide, the way I'm really sorry about this, I'm actually going to have to drop off. I see that I've got a call that I'm going to need to take. And I'm going to have to put this discussion on hold on my end so that I can take this call.