 Hi, People often wonder how Various can scale to everyone in the world if Bitcoin can only process about seven transactions per second worldwide and Ethereum about 24, why can Various be used by everyone in the world every day? The answer lies in a different perspective and a different approach. One I'm confident will become clear as we explore it together so let's get into it. In the early days of computer applications, people used central mainframe computers connected to terminals to run their apps. Though today we use mobile phones and PCs, that approach is really how most blockchains are still built today. The biggest blockchain networks operate using the one blockchain to rule them all philosophy, functioning like central hubs with smart contracts and applications and everything else spinning around the one central hub. With that approach they limit scale to what that single blockchain can process. Instead of embracing a multi-chain world, more like a multi-server world as the internet is today, they bottleneck everything through the one chain and resist the emergence of others. In June 2018, about a month after the Various Network Activation, we published a vision paper. It wasn't a roadmap. It was the bigger picture as we saw it. We envisioned a scalable blockchain protocol that could go beyond transactions by improving the whole digital public space, giving everyone their own secure digital identity, allowing anyone to create their own digital currencies and or blockchains and setting up a solid foundation for private yet transparent and verifiable collaboration of all types. This protocol would provide the tools necessary to run polls, elections, services, commerce, social networking or incentivize contribution to provable training data for future beneficial AI. We invited the world to come help us build it and many people did. In the Various Vision paper, we described public blockchains as a service or keybass. A protocol to launch any number of provably connected chains, each independent, decentralized and yet controlled by its users and each not only its own namespace of identities and currencies to network but also having storage and processing capacity of its own. This isn't just theory. Hebass is live on the internet today. Various P-Bass chains operate as independent worldwide networks themselves. Each capable of processing between 75 to about 800 transactions per second while being automatically universally interoperable with all currencies on the Various Network and other connected chains. This interoperability extends to all chains, whether directly or indirectly connected, enabling seamless exchange or conversion of currencies and non-fungible tokens or NFTs. Every individual P-Bass chain is part of a larger network that scales out with no real upper limit to transactions per second, forming the backbone of what we call the Various Internet of Value. Gateways to other provable protocols like the Various Ethereum Bridge connect Various to non-Various Networks as well. The Various Ethereum Bridge facilitates the free flow of any currency or non-fungible tokens and assets between Ethereum, Various, and any other chain connected to the Various ecosystem. Various mobile on the app and play stores, join the Various community and be part of this financial revolution where your identity, data and finances are yours to control. No limits, no boundaries.