Hello world! I want to show you how to do a preconversion from the Ethereum side to the Verus side and to acquire your part of bridge.vith. The currency that is the bridge currency which consists of four reserves which are Maker, Die, Verus and Ethereum. I will show you how to convert some maker because at the moment it is the currency that would give you the best deal. We don't know if it's like this also at the end of the preconversion phase but we'll see likely market will do its thing so everybody will get a more or less fair share of bridge.vith but we are doing Maker now. So we are already in the wallet. I created a new profile to show it to you right from the start with the new Verus mobile. Things are really easy. So first we are adding the ERC20 token of Maker. We are doing it by find using mapped Pbass currency. You could also just enter the ERC20 contract address that you can find on CoinGecko on my ether wallet or wherever but we don't need these things anymore as we have all the technology stack now in our Verus mobile wallet which is a great achievement. So I did something wrong. Find using Pbass currency. Of course I have to put in the name here. So the name on the Merus side is MakerMkr.vith. So press continue. Yeah data about this ERC20 token was retrieved. Verify that the contract address you entered is correct which it is but you can obviously double check if you want. We press add and we have added Maker to our wallet. So we can now receive Maker as an ERC20 on the Ethereum network. What we will also do is we add Maker as a Verus Pbass currency and we already entered the currency name on just right now and we are putting it in again Maker.vith. Press continue and it was found the permanent token system vith. This means it is a currency of the bridge converter. We are also adding this currency. Done. So now we have Maker as an ERC20 and we have the Verus representation of Maker on the other side of the bridge. What we now need to do, we need to get some Maker that we want to bridge. We can go in here. Press receive. Here we can see which address on the Ethereum network we have to send our Maker to. You can go anywhere to any exchange or whatever. Buy Maker, send it over here or if you have it in your Ether wallet or anywhere else, send it from there but you don't need anything at all. You could also just send it from any exchange where you could just buy Maker. So here you get the address. Also we have to get some Ethereum because to send it over the bridge we need some gas fees on the each side. Of course it's the same address as the ERC20 Maker. So we have to send these over there and in a few moments it will be there. So we skipped a moment in time but you can see now I managed to send 0.5 Maker and 0.05 ETH to the address on the Ethereum network that we found out before. So now we want to send Maker over the bridge so let's do it. Now we are in the overview of the Maker ERC20 currency where we see that we have the .5 Maker. We press send. We do convert or cross chain and we want to send off chain. Send Maker to an address on a different blockchain network without converting it. So we're sending from Main. We're sending to the recipient address. We still need the recipient address. Let's find it out. Let's go back. We go to the Maker.v currency on the Verus network and here we can already see this is the address we're going to receive again. This is the address on the Verus network. We go copy. So we go back. Copy each. We go back to Maker. Do it again. Send. Convert or cross chain. Send off chain. Now we have the recipient address. We put in the amount. We are sending all of the .5 Maker. Select Network to send to. Oh yes. That's Verus. Select currency. That's Maker.v. We are pressing send. We are getting an overview. Estimated time until arrival. 20 to 30 minutes. Source. Destination to Network Verus. We have maximum transaction fees which is .028. Sounds quite high. Usually it ends up being a lot lower but we'll see. But also the 20 to 30 minutes is estimated once the traffic on the bridge will be more frequent than this is what can be expected. But at the moment it also can take quite a bit longer. So like 90 minutes can also be. But it will come. So let's press send. And we have off chains and initiated. We can track its status under the overview tab. It may take time to arrive even after it is confirmed. Yeah. So we can have a look. Maker is gone. Where is the overview tab? It's here. And to Verus Ethereum Bridge contract. We can already see that this is confirmed. But obviously it takes time until it is on the other side. So and again, some time has passed. As we can see now the 0.5 maker.v are now on the Verus side. And we now have to do our final task that what we are planning right from the beginning. We want to pre-convert these maker.v. Again, we get our address because we also take it as the receive address. We are going send. We are going pre-convert. Putting this as the recipient address. Setting the full amount. And we want to pre-convert to bridge dot.v. Done. And we are now staying on the current network as maker.v is already on the Verus side. So send as pre-convert is checked already. So we can just press send. We get an overview. Source and destination address are matching. We convert to bridge dot.v. We estimate to receive 776 bridge dot.v for our 0.5 maker. Here is written 2 to 10 minutes estimated time. But obviously we will receive the bridge dot.v at the end of the pre-conversion period on Friday night UTC. Some time around then. So let's send. And we have pre-converted maker.v with the goal to get our share of bridge dot.v. I did the video with maker as I said before because currently it was the best deal because it was underrepresented in the current pre-conversion. So yeah, let's hope that we get an above average part of bridge dot.v. You might want to check eth dot verus bridge dot i o before sending your pre-conversion as these things might change. Maybe people put in a lot of maker and after that you get a better deal with something else. I hope this helps everyone who still wants to do it. And yeah, looking very forward to the launch of the bridge. Everything's gonna change. Goodbye.