 So what is the fee pool and how are fees on the mining network changed? So the way it works, there's a 10,000 verse test fee for launching a PBS chain. Because it's not, and there's a 200 verse test fee for launching a currency. Because it's non-refundable, as soon as that definition is mined in, and that half of that fee is paid out to the blockchain on that definition transaction. Now the problem, and it's not going to be like your five for a second, because this is important. The problem that's solving is that if you leave a 5,000 verse test fee on a block, every once in a while, then miners will eventually figure out, or miners and stakeers, that it's really worth it for them to try and reorganize the blockchain so that they get that block after someone else got it, and that is terrible for blockchain security. I have that incentive. It's a completely perversive incentive. And VTOLI actually raised this issue, and it's the reason for the EI-1559 that effectively changes the fee model so that they're just throwing away fees and they're saying, well, miner-extracted value can't stop that, so miners get to become almost like, no, grey hat's at least on the network, and that's just okay. And this protocol says, no, it really, if the problem is that someone's going to fight to re-org, then why not just take all the fees and put them into a fee pool that persists block after block, and then let the miners take a percentage of the fee pool after they put all those fees in. Okay. So the way it works is, miners take all of the fees from a block, and they put them in the fee pool, and then they take right now on test net, 100th. And so what that does is you have enough incentive to put fees in because 1-100th doesn't cut like better to take more than less. So you have incentive to put fees in, but you don't get all the fees, and if you missed that block, you have zero incentive to try and re-org the chain to go back and get that block, because the next one's almost just as good. And the most incentive anyone has at that point is to just mind forward and converge the chain, and the economic activity on the chain that generates these fees because it's valuable economic activity supports the security of the chain and doesn't fight with it. So that, I know it wasn't like you were five, but did that work? Yeah, so it was an excellent explanation, and I literally have no holes in the way this system works. I'm pretty sure now, but I think that virus is basically a period for, but with Minero added on as a sidegrade, and also it's CPU-minable basic persistent. Thank you. Thank you for saying that. And I appreciate your comment in the spirit. It's meant completely. Thank you. you