 So first, let's just talk about what just the general feature of the vault and how it works. So there are two states that it can be locked in that an ID can be locked in. And right now when the ID is locked, the one thing that it cannot do is it cannot spend funds. But it actually, what it really cannot do is it cannot spend for any transaction. Decides a state transaction which ensures that the funds go exactly to where they came from. And so it basically can't move funds out of itself. But it can stake. So the fact that it can stake is interesting and when we were thinking about how we're going to do certain locked things and give away the key and let people try to take the money and everything. If, for example, we made a locked ID with 5,000 coins on it or something. We gave away the primary key. Everybody in the network could stake that ID, the funds in that ID. And it would basically mean that whenever one of those UTXOs from that ID would win, it'd be a little fight in the network that it'd be better not to have that. Where everybody would be trying to get the block and yeah, somebody's going to win. But I'd kind of like not to just broadly publicize large TX's of funds that are stakeable. And so we do have an idea of a way to basically make those funds locked such that they're not stakeable. But they could be spent if you were able to unlock the ID and that might be a nice eryptico. When you lock an ID, there are two ways to lock it. One is with the unlocked delay. And you could think of that as like a time lock on a bank vault or something like that. Nobody can get around it without revoking and recovering the ID. So unless somebody has revocation and recovery authority, they won't be able to get around the time lock, according to the protocol, they need to wait when they unlock that ID before they can spend outputs of that ID. Now, or to that ID. Now, if they unlock it and you see that it's not you. So basically, if you're going to set an unlock delay, you would typically set the delay to be, however long it would take you to recognize that someone who isn't you had unlocked your ID by seeing it was done on the blockchain. And so that's kind of where these authorities come in because you have two authorities. You have recovery, but you also have revocation and revocation is first. Now, the way it works is if your ID is revoked and you can recover and redefine it with the recovery ID authorities. But if your ID is not revoked, then the recovery authority has no control over it. And if you're neither the revocation or the recovery ID can do really anything, unless they're in a state to do it. So revocation can't take any money, it can only revoke. And once it revokes, it can't recover unless it is the recovery authority. So basically, I'm probably going into too much detail about the point is that you can give someone conceivably your revoc authority like a company that could lower the amount of time you might want to set your unlock delay because they may be really good at notifying you. Or it could be an app does it. There are many different ways you can get that time down. So the unlocked delay is however long it's going to take you to revoke your funds and then being able to recover them when someone who isn't you tries to access them. That's it. So that's an unlocked delay. You would set some number of blocks, some number of relative blocks. Now that number of blocks is not going to be able to be less than 20 because 20 is the expiry default expiry time of a transaction when it's posted. So it's not going to be able to be less than the number of blocks of the default expiry. So by the time it gets mined in, there's still going to be some amount of time left for it to unlock. I'm going to answer these other questions after. So if you set a time lock delay and that's really all about being able to stake being willing to wait a little bit to access your funds. You probably want to take your revocation and recovery and stick them somewhere, whether they're the same idea or not. In order to make a time lock really matter, you really do need to have a separate revocation and recovery. Because otherwise, you could just, you know, the primary ID can change the revocation and recovery and then it could revoke and recover and change the time lock. So you really do, if you're going to do a time lock, need at least one other ID to be a revocation recovery. So or two, you know, a revocation and then every time. And that's one kind of time lock. The other kind of time lock is unlock at block. That's an absolute time lock that's going to be counting down from the time it's set and it's going to unlock at a specific block. So now that we got that, I'm going to put into the marketing window. The command. Now first, if you use Various Desk Top, each man below, so bands are accessible in settings. That's the little gear, coin settings, and like. Right. I'm going to assume that if you're using Linux, you know how to do hot slash and I'm just going to save Various. So the command for setting a time lock on an ID or save Mike would be set identity time lock and Mike. And I'm going to say, let's make it a set unlock delay. It's going to be an unlock delay. And I'm going to say, I want a day. One a day of time. From the time I unlock, I'll wait for my funds for a day. This is going to be some, you know, lot of funds for me. And that's how I'm going to enter it. So if I do that from a wallet that controls the primary address of that ID, that is going to make it so that when I try to unlock it, and I'm going to, so let me edit that to make sure that it says what it's doing. Okay. And when I try to unlock it, I'm going to do this. And what that will do is it will make it so that it will be, I could also, like, I could make it instead of zero, I can say a block that's earlier than the current block. Okay. Now, you can never circumvent a lock by unlocking it earlier than it's already set to. But it will accept this command and what it will do is it will now unlock as soon as it can, which is going to be whatever the current block is, plus 1440, plus the Xperia default Xperia, which is 20. So basically, that is how to set an unlock delay and set the time lock. Now, I know that Max has been writing a tutorial on this and it looks pretty good, and I think he's posted it in a few places. And so I think that actually says him basically similar stuff, and I think it's quite good. To set an absolute time unlock, you could do this. What's the current height? Okay. So if you wanted to unlock it at say 1.1.1 million, then, then, then, that ID could stake, it could redirect its funds even from staking only, but it can't move the funds that it controls, it can receive funds. And those are really the commands that you could execute from a wallet that controls the ID. Now, if you're dealing with a multi-sig wallet or a multi-sig ID, you can do this. What that would do is it will return back a partially signed transaction. You're going to need to have at least some signing capability. It's going to return back a partially signed transaction, which you would give to the other people controlling the identity with you, and then it would lock it. So the software is, go ahead. This helps a lot. I'm curious if it's able to be seen on the chain, and if, for example, if an ID is locked, can we see if it has an unlock at block? Can we see which block it is unlocked at, and that's sort of information? Yes. IDs that are locked or unlocked. This is controlled through a flags that are in the ID and a value. And so there's a flags. Let me see. So there's a flags value. I've still got an old version ID and I haven't updated it in some time. And let's see. I want to just get rid of a few things in here that I don't need to put in. Well, that's all public. So this flags variable. You see it's zero there. That would end up being two. It basically has one of its bits set. If it is a relative, like a delayed unlock, but it's locked. And if it is a delayed unlock and it's locked, then the time lock value says how many blocks after it's unlocked, it will have to wait. And if you instead, it's set the bit is set, which in the case of the current version, that would end up being two. But when we start doing currencies and things, it's just going to be the right bit being set, which either person understands flags or self-aware can see, but it's basically the second bit that is equivalent to the value two being set. And when that's the case, when it's cleared as it is now, then time lock would be equivalent to the value at which this would unlock. That's cool. I really appreciate that. That definitely helps. And with that with that time lock change, each block, if it is some, let's say it's unlock at block, then as it has to get no. Okay. It just is that block. I see. Okay. Excellent. I'll definitely look more into this. Now it's helpful to get that information. I hope it's not to like low level or anything like that for. I hope so. For other people, I hope, I mean, this is what right now, the capability of doing this is just, I mean, there isn't another protocol that does it. This is exposed in the protocol. We want to get it into the GUI as soon as we can, but you can use this. It works. You know, you mentioned, you mentioned that you could receive funds, with those received funds be spendable or know they get as part of the lock. No, any funds, any funds put into a locked ID are under the rules of the ID. Okay. But anything that gets any rewards from staking can be put into another ID or address that won't be locked. They are spendable. Is that huge set out right? Right. Now now there are two things. When people are setting up time locks, the things that I would caution is just make sure that you've got the your evocation and recovery, you know, available. And then the other thing I just wanted to mention, since it seems like we're moving off of this, block time is not exactly 60 seconds. And as we've been measuring it, it's closer to 61 seconds right now. But what we found when we're predicting a forward time is that if we measure like the last, I don't know, England has been doing this. If you measure like the last, some period of time, we end up getting very, very accurate time. So the combination of everything going on in the network is hitting around that time. And rather than saying, okay, it's going to be exactly this. If we're going to set longer unlocks for the future and it matters like you're going to set a year or something like that. And this is block. And you really should go off of the measured time. That's one thing I'd say. And I think, you know, we'll get, we'll get an easier way to expose that measured time. But Anglo has been basically doing it for us. And like on this last upgrade, we said it two weeks ahead. And it wasn't the only divergence we really had. It was like five minutes divergence over the course of two weeks, which is actually quite a lot of blocks. And then right near the end, it just does, because it can diverge when it's closer. But over a long period of time, if you use measured time, it ends up being quite accurate. I would just say that. And then, let's see. And then E who the owner, you were asking a question, which I saw that about Luzia Soros saying is going to do that. So I thought I'd answer. You were asking the question, though, and I think I missed what it was. Oh, I don't know. Maybe you did answer it. I don't think I asked something other than that. But if there was any commands in there that you wanted to or any aspects of that code that you wanted to highlight further, please do, definitely if it'll help us out to understand better. Do you mean in the JSON of the identity there that I posted? Sure, yeah, because you were going through a few of them. So if there's any others that you didn't touch on that, you would then please do otherwise. That's fine. I think you've answered my questions. I appreciate it. No, yeah, this is just, if you just do a get identity on any identity, but this is all the information of the whole identity. So it can have a lot of different information, but for the vault, specifically we're looking over at the time locked. For the vault, you're looking at flags in time lock. flags in time lock. Excellent. Okay. Yeah. If the, if the bit that corresponds to the number two is set in flags, then it's got the time lock represents a delay on law. If the bit that corresponds to the number two is clear, not set in flags. And time lock is an absolute lock outer which funds are available. Just bad. Excellent. Yeah. Thank you. I think the question that Eheuliana was asking that maybe didn't get unsubless about the ability to have the staking rewards be paid to a separate ID Eheuliana. Could you? Oh, yeah, maybe that's it. Yeah, that might be what you're thinking of. I did mention something like yeah. So if you're, if you set default ID equals on your demon and you set an ID for staking to go to, basically, then it'll go there instead of your locked IDs if you're staking unlocked IDs. Excellent. Okay. That's pretty cool. I mean, wow. Yeah, so that's, I mean, that's the vault feature and, you know, as soon as we get other currencies in the defy live, it'll support, you know, holding any kind of currencies that can be on the network and that same safe way. So then as far as, I think people have noticed that you can look at offers and take offers. Does anybody have an ID they want to sell that I might want to buy? I pick line one. My takes master's on it. Got Bitcoin. Yeah, Bitcoin symbol, I gave it to me. Are you interested in scam ads, maybe? I think that one we just want to like lose the keys for. Let's see, so what do we have here? Let's see. So, I'll make an offer for, I heard Bitcoin paper wallet. Am I, but I didn't really want to hear that. Let's see. So does anybody want to sell something for any, like that I might want to actually buy? I'll just make an offer for something that you're probably not going to want to sell it. Bitcoin. And I'm actually in the middle of debugging the thing that, uh, see, I'm in the middle of debugging the thing that I was looking for, which will close my offer sooner than I want to. So I'm going to put a really long expiration height. And this is what I'm going to run. And you know, I don't expect that I'm going to take my offer. Let me just put it in there. Now remember, you can do the same thing in the, do we under the coin settings? Right. So I'm going to make this offer from the mic, I, I, I, I actually, I'll remove the currency in there. You don't need it. Now I'll make a bigger offer. That's not, that's not a very good offer. I'll offer a hundred veris, which I guess might not be taken. Or the Bitcoin ID, I'm going to change one more thing here. If I would not put version in there, isn't something you need. I'll be best not to put that in there. And I will, I'm going to go, make that offer. And so when I make that offer on the next block, everyone will be able to see that offer by doing this. Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to actually make that offer. I mean, if you want to, if you, if you want to set, sell it to you. Uh, you can do this, not, not really know. And actually, that is not really a great thing to be able, other databases should do that. You know, it's really not a great thing to be able to do that because, um, we don't want queries that are going to return everything on the network, as much as we can, we try to avoid those things. It's potentially some gigantic member. You can do this. I'll show you all the offers for various, but it could get very big. It might be an impractical command at some point. So I'm going to go ahead and enter that and exactly as I have there. I'm going to remove this other one. Yeah, that's fine. Okay, and so next time there's a block behind, should be able to see an offer for the Bitcoin ID with this command to see offers. I see it here. I typed that in and I see what, what came up. So it went through already. So now that offers there and it can be taken. But only by that person. Only by the owner, obviously, so no, you don't have to sell it to me for 100. I mean, I'd be happy to take it. I don't know. I'd what I do with it. I probably just donate it. But I've got a couple on the list that if you want, I'll give you currency or rare. If you want to do it for publicity in a sense, for marketing sounds. All right, I'll have the actual one. We can talk about that in should, but this is actually just my own like this isn't the foundation or anything. This is just me. And Can ask a question? Yeah, any questions? Sorry, go ahead, Burns, whatever you said, go for that first. Since you were saying. I was just saying, if Mike likes any of my NF or IDs, I call them NFTs, he can make an offer for one. That's basically I'm just open offer up there. Yeah, I'll be happy too. But what I would just suggest now is let's on my suggestion is on the call. Let's not everybody say all the IDs that they've got. I think it's a cool ID and I'd be, you know, I mean, we'd be happy to even talk about that one. But right now, I think, my goal for this particular call, and I definitely want to follow up. I'm not saying I don't. Since I'm probably going to need to go in about 15 minutes, I just wanted to make sure that people understand how to use these things. Now, one thing that's going to happen is in about half an hour to 40 minutes, this is going to close. This offer is going to close. And that's what I'm actually in the process of debugging. Instead of going to the full block of 2 million, you're saying it'll, there will be exactly exactly on this version. It's going to close early. And then I lose this. Where is, lose you, so I said, ask, do you, and I said, I was going to answer and then I never did. Do you get notified when there's a time lock? Or when somebody unlocks an ID? And no, there's no software yet. I mean, any software, anyone can write something that looks at the block chain and notifies you. Anyone can do these apps and these APIs. And we're, you know, the protocol being able to actually do this on an open mission list system. It isn't easy. And it isn't something. It's not just like, you know, I was thinking about what's the difference between this network? And for example, you know, defy contracts that are apps that are in the control of this group of people. This is a real block chain network with all these capabilities. Like everyone enables this, not any small group of people who can change the contract and change the way it works and all IDs on the network have this support. And it's the same with defy and everything else. So, anyways, I, you know, this is the protocol and there, you know, it's all done peer to peer. So, the GUI needs like, there's work to catch up. Every time there are new capabilities in the protocol, there can also be people like writing apps or helping or doing these things. And we're happy if people want to help to talk about, you know, doing that. So, we will, we do intend to get this functionality in the GUI, but as far as notifying, I don't think there's any current, you know, notification API in the GUI that would recognize this. And then we also, somebody mentioned, you know, about how important it is to get to light mode and these things. And absolutely, that's like one of the next things that I'm going to be working on as well is, you know, we talked about getting the defy and these other things together and that's like that includes making sure that we can support light mode while it's in this process because it's got to be usable. So, there's kind of a number of different things that are the priority right now to get this stuff together and, you know, getting support for new functionality exposed to users is important, but before anything could be exposed to users if it's real. If it's like a real thing, if it's not just, you know, a lot of people can write apps and you eyes and different things, but if it's a real thing in the protocol, then it's got to get into the protocol first. We got to release it and then anyone wants to make any of these capabilities, you know, then use it. And it might be that it's going to take the liquidity of, you know, actually having other currencies in the network in order to get that kick started for people, but they will do it. It's just going to be a matter of time. You know, we just need to get things done correctly at the low level and we need to get what we can get into the user experience from that. And if there are people who want to help, we're absolutely happy to have your help and, you know, and that's kind of where things are. So, the GUI will advance. I mean, I don't think there's going to be a notification in the GUI. Oh, wait, I just realized. Want to set a break point because I was debugging. And I will get that break point at some point so that I can luckily that order is still out there available on the network. So, yeah, so I mean, all of this is peer to peer. The marketplace is peer to peer. Can you remove the offer? Yes, I can. That's a great question. Thank you for asking. Okay, Mar said, can Mike remove the offer before Xperi height? And what I would do is, so here's the offer on the network. I'm going to not do it because I'm trying to catch a bug right now of why is it closing prematurely. And so I don't don't want to close it right now. But what I'll do is I'll pin what the offer shows up as on the network. And what I would say if I wanted to close it is I would say this. I can close many offers at once. I would close that offer and any expired offers. Because, and this kind of ties into how we might do an a locked ID that can't stake, the funds that are in an offer are actually like held in that offer and they do not stake. So, if you're, if you've got money in an offer, that money is not eligible for staking until you close the offer and that money goes back and waits for another 150 blocks. And so, if, for example, we had a locked ID that we wanted to release to the public private key of before we did that, we'd probably make it taken out standing offer because then it wouldn't be able to stake on those funds. So, we wouldn't have the public adding over a block every once in a while. It's just no, no reason to do that. And, and when they got the control of the ID on lock, they'd still be able to take the money. So, you know, and there's been talk about steel my verus and everything else and having an ID that we published the private key on. And I'd like, if we're going to do something like that with, you know, a few thousand verus or something, we talked about the foundation maybe putting up some verus for doing that. If we're going to do that, I'd like to talk about talk to someone who's going to do that so that we can get that money sequestered in an offer so that people could close the offer take the money if they were able to. But, you know, they won't be. And at the same time, we'll just publish this, you know, thousands of verus that somebody could take if they could ever try. And, you know, just because we don't want to be arrogant, I was thinking that it would be nice to say, look, if you can take it, you can take it. And if you really do figure out a way to take it, then if you tell us how and we're able to revoke and recover, then we'll give you that much plus double. And, and you just need to give us a little bit of time to address it. But I don't think, we don't believe there's any issue, absolutely, whatsoever. But that might not be as, you know, as that might be a less arrogant way. And if if someone figured out any possible kind of way to attack the network, then it's a way of actually getting cooperative help necessarily versus, you know, a black hat just trying to take things. So, um, anyways, those are the, some thoughts around that. So basically, in order to release the public key for an ID that was locked in a way where I'd be happy doing it, I'd like to put the money on that ID into an offer that nobody's going to take. So that, um, when the person does get control of it, they can take the money, but until they actually get control of it and are able to spend, they wouldn't be able to stake that money. So nobody on the network would ever, you know, be able to stake the same funds, which of course, what would happen if that actually happened is everyone's wild, there'd be a block that people would fight over. That's not, you know, I mean, that's not necessarily good for keeping everything converged and smooth. So it's not going to hurt the network, but it would happen. And I don't like the idea of it happening. And, and then on top of that, what would happen is state guard, you know, would kick in and people would catch that there were multiple, um, stakes on that, and then it would just be like this up for grabs, trying to spend it 100 blocks later by all the cheap catchers. And so, you know, every once in a while, we just get a little, little round of activity on the network, and I just don't like that whole concept, because I'd rather use the network for productive things. So, um, so that's, uh, hopefully helpful to people. And yes, you can close the offers before the expiry height. Um, and it's good to not set the expiry height far in the future. I would please ask, you know, because if you leave it in there and you forget, um, that money is not staking for you. And, uh, you know, anybody could take it anytime they want, but, um, it's not really doing any one any good. So, any other questions, because actually I hit my break point, and I might just hop off and go, again, to it. Now, go for it. You, that's been a lot of talking from you, and you've explained a lot of things, and I really appreciate the time you take to come on and share with us and just keep us informed. Great. All right. Well, thanks, everyone. And, uh, I do suspect that since we are closing offers early right now, um, that that we'll have another update, but I don't, I'm not aware of any other issues. Besides that. So, everything looks really quite good and things seem to be working great. So, I'm not, I'm not seeing any issues. And, um, so yeah, thanks, thanks, everyone. And, uh, as far as getting this, uh, steel my virus, thing together and some other promotional, I think that's a great idea. And I'd like to, you know, I was hoping that maybe the foundation would put up a little bit to help make that happen as just, you know, putting it there, not giving it away unless of course, something ever happened, which I don't think will. Um, but basically putting it up there and then offering another, you know, double bounty if anyone could ever figure out anything. So, it's kind of like a real way to offer a security bounty that, um, that makes it in my mind more likely to generate white hat or gray hat behavior than, uh, than just black hat behavior, which I think most security bounties do. So, um, as far as a team on just offered to donate, we would definitely like to have donations to the foundation to other things, um, and to, and to, and to drives and things like that. For the steel my virus my thinking is, uh, for this particular one, uh, I don't think that we want to lose the money. Like I don't think anyone necessarily needs, I mean the one thing that it would be is if the foundation put up money, then it wouldn't be staking on that money. Um, but, you know, the foundation is here to help as well, and we would want, you know, the foundation, I think, would want that money back afterwards, but whoever puts up the money if we do it right is not going to be staking on that money. And so I just kind of feel like it's one of those things that maybe could be best to ask the foundation to do, and I haven't cleared it with everybody, but I'm sure that I don't believe anyone would, I think everyone would agree with doing that. Um, so I don't think for this particular cause we necessarily need to have donations because it's not going to be spent. Uh, you know, I mean we could, we could put it in some kind of a, of a fund or something. I'm not trying to not get donations to the foundation because we certainly could use them. Um, but, you know, using the foundation for referrals on registering IDs, uh, don't it into the foundation. You know, any of these things is great. And in this particular case, I would be happy to see the foundation putting up funds to be in this ID and then, uh, you know, I mean, having people donated for causes and things where we actually intend to spend the funds and the thing the foundation would lose from doing that would be whatever the staking rewards would be for that, you know, period of time. So that's kind of my thinking on it. I probably should go though because I want to get it to the augaching well, it's fresh. So So maybe we can figure this out in the next day or so and then really do something egg on promotional stuff because I think this is the stuff is huge and I think, you know, because we're in the open building stuff in the open, you know, sometimes it comes out and then we need to figure out how to really leverage it and then and it's like, uh, that is really how, you know, decentralized systems are built and, um, and that I think we're we're making great progress. And so I'll get back to this stuff and, uh, probably have some comments in the next day or so. I'm guessing there's going to be some release to say not closing prematurely. And then I think that's it. So talked to everybody later and thanks very much. All right. Hey, just to also shout out some respect to Tangle 808 who was on promoting Varisk community today and I'm not sure if it's aware then the there will be a record of version, but there should be a record of version coming out. So you want to listen to that post it when it's ready. I want to very it gets put up. But yeah, thanks Tangle 808 for doing that work for us. Um, uh, You do have access to the community YouTube show. So You can also publish there if you have the uh, finished. Yeah. Yeah, I just put a frame of back on it. Can also leave out the front boots and then we can later add in the thumbnail. We have a group. Yeah, Rosario usually offers also. May she usually make a mix that makes them little surfboard videos so that they won't align and then look nice. Now, just create a threat. Can do that now, please. Let me show you. Yeah, but it can be a lot. Can put it up for a week and it can always be a lot and it only locks up in the inactive for you. I'm out of time. We should day and week or whatever. Yep. Sounds like a plan. Now, let's see if people that are not in the meeting will at you. Much obliged. I guess this meeting is happening.