Yeah, actually the bridge, that's really, because when that all started to happen, I know all bits wrote some things about that, and we had a discussion, and that was great. I've been focused, like, we actually have a release that we're working to get out right now, and I didn't actually talk to people working on it this morning, so I don't know exactly where it is, but I do know that like, we don't, I haven't in any reported issues on the P-Best that we talked about, and the bridging that includes that, and I'll definitely talk about this in a second, and that Chris started jumping in just to get the new, hardened Ethereum contracts running, and that actually, so like yesterday, I fixed an issue that would, you know, bring up the newer hardened, or more hardened, Heathbridge on one side, and I don't know really where that is on the other side today, but so basically we've got to release that's on its way that's going to do a major upgrade to testnet, that is all working on the P-Best side, and the only real question is, are we going to have the folder or newer, more hardened, Heathbridge, when this rolls out and it's, you know, days, but I don't know exactly how many, a small number, and so bridges, yeah, so the main difference is this. Now, everybody likes to make a lot of like, kind of complex, they want to create or paint a complex picture of why their bridge is so great and how it works. Now, in bridges, as actually, Vitaleca has pointed out, they kind of boil down to in most cases, bridges are just multisigs, they're just a group of people who say, oh yeah, this money can go over there, you know, and like selecting that group of people is usually what bridge technologies are about, and now there are, you know, if you look at like the atomic swap, like bridging, you know, it's arguably different than what I'm describing, and me, but it's also not really the same kind of thing, it's not really accepted as the same kind of thing. And so when you look at bridging that would enable you to send one currency to another system and leave it there, or move it around, or use it there, those technologies, the ones that I am aware of and have seen are generally boiled down to some form of a multi-seek of people who agreed that that was okay to do. So Varus actually works a little bit differently, it works differently, and in fact is kind of predicated on the idea that prove a transaction cross chain on another chain that came from, you know, another chain. You should be able to have cryptographic proof of that transaction, and it's inputs and what it's doing, that is as close to as good as possible if not as good as the cryptographic proof that we use on a local blockchain to prove inputs and outputs of UTXO transactions, and that's really what we worked to create. So there is, you know, notaries are witnesses to the existing rules being followed on the blockchain, and after miners and stakeers have been following those rules are agreeing that, you know, this is in fact a correct um, chain based on the rules, that's it. That's what they do. Notaries do that. They don't sign transactions that are, you know, money that then get sent over to another chain as approved by this group. That isn't how it works. That's how it works on other bridges that I'm aware of in the general case. Our bridge is different in the sense that what we do is there is a process. Now right now we include notaries for finalization of that. There is a process who just determine the agreed upon state of the blockchain. That's just a thing. And when we had like two years ago, when we had a test net, that actually was doing auto-notarization, it used a process with an algorithm that we we can still use, but we, um, we want to get through all I think I mentioned this before all of the cryptographic proofs of the auto-notarization, just to say, okay, that's as just as correct before we can actually get rid of notaries and there are some questions around civil attacks and things like that for for just agreeing on the state. Okay, final state, finalization. And so once we know that is a state of the blockchain, that's the state of the virus chain, that's the state of the Ethereum chain. For that's the state of the virus chain and that's the state of a P-bash chain. For any other chain that we're bridging to, that is all we need to know. Every other part of the bridge, sending currency, sending identities, sending currency, definitions to make the currencies interoperable across systems and allow the flow of different currencies that you didn't anticipate at the beginning. All of these things which are in the release on test net, are proven cryptographically based on just a fact that that is the chain state. And no group of anyone, no group of notaries, no group of signers or privileged, you know, Dow members sign the transaction that sends currency from one chain to another. It's proven cryptographically using a state, the known state of the other chain that would not be accepted cross chain if it wasn't correct. It's proven cryptographically that those transactions, the person who sent those transactions on the other chain, the miners who rolled them up, miners who imported them, and on all sides, people are just following the protocol. And for every output, even if it goes through a defy conversion, there is a corresponding input. There is a corresponding conversion or not. Every fee output in the native currency, there is a corresponding source. And so difference is really that our bridge is a cryptographic bridge and the process of determining the root of the other chain can work in a number of different ways. We have what we call auto-notarization that happens with mining and staking and then is witness by notaries. And those notaries, they don't process money transactions. They simply are witnesses like real notaries in real life. They just, yep, I agree. And then another one in another part of the world says, yep, I agree. And they don't use like with Talauna, oh, they're using the whisper protocol, who cares, like really? Who cares? The whisper, whatever protocol you use, between people who are trying to agree on something. If it isn't on the blockchain, it's just another layer of complexity. But okay, you can do it. If it's a network that allows them to communicate, then great. It's a network that allows them to communicate. But all of the descriptions of these different bridges are, it's just like what we call lipstick on the pig, you know, or what I've been in groups that call that. You know, it's like the fact is that most bridges are just a multi-sag of people saying this money can go over there and be minted as these currencies over there. We don't do that at all. I should, there is an centralized currency. That's what we call a centralized currency. You could do that, actually. I'm sorry. We do that all day long on centralized currencies. Those are what we call centralized currencies. You know, a Dow can create a centralized currency. Anyone, in fact, it, okay, that's the same as what people are doing, except that the difference is that it's a lot more straightforward. You don't have to use a whisper protocol and who all sorts of, you know, fancy wormhole tricks to make it work with EVM and everything else. Because all of those things just create more risk of errors. And when you're working on a platform with an unlimited number of EVM contracts, the platform itself is not auditable. It's impossible. It's just theoretically impossible to audit because any audit you start today is going to be, you know, you're going to have a hundred more different fundamental money manipulating contracts on that protocol, you know, in the next day. So you cannot audit the protocol and when you audit one EVM contract, it's like, what did you do? It's like a tiny little drop in the sea of all of the random programmer errors that everybody makes and they're, you know, adding how many contracts every day to the platform that are manipulating money. So what we're trying to do is take out the, actual complex nature. We're not hiding behind all these different, oh, it does this protocol or that protocol or by name. It's just pretty simple, you know, you get the root of each chain that gives you a provable like with a Merkle mountain range or on Ethereum, it's Patricia trees, on Pomoto, if they did the bridge, it would be, you know, the Merkle of Merkle's, you know, on Bitcoin, it would be like a Merkle of Merkle's or we would just, we could just do a Merkle mountain range for Bitcoin quite easily. You know, the bottom line is that you just get a root of each chain, you know what kind of protocol you're dealing with and what you have to prove in order to know that there were sources of that input and that they match in the protocol. And then you just prove them and then you break it. So it's now, now it's two separate issues. One is, how do you get the root of a chain? That's where we do the, the mining and the staking and everyone's involved in being incentivized with that protocol. And then you have notaries just witnessing, yep, that's correct. They got a little, little part of it just for running because that's their motivation. They're running, they're watching the chain and they say, yep, that's the right, that's the right one. They all say it worldwide, you know, and they do it on the blockchain. Everybody can watch it. And if anyone wanted to say, oh, I'm going to write a monitoring program to make sure that, you know, the various protocol is working exactly as it should. That's actually quite easy to do. And, you know, anyone who wanted to just say, oh, I'm not going to trust it if the protocol's not working as it should. Exactly. They could just verify that it was because everything is public protocol, provable, cross chain, provable, same chain, provable, and the defy protocol and the P-BAS cross chain protocol, the Ethereum cross chain with various protocol. They're really all the same protocol and because of the, you know, cross chain with Ethereum, the Ethereum side, yes, as all bits pointed out, we need to use an Ethereum contract because that's the only way they know how to do it. So that they don't have any knowledge at the lower level of protocols that could keep things more secure. They just have this wild west at the EVM level. So, okay, but in our contracts on the Ethereum side, they don't do much. They really don't do much. They don't try to do defy and all of the things that, you know, they don't try to be super fancy with, we know, by frost bridges or wormhole whisper tricks or any of this stuff. It simply just a, they reserve transfers in that we support on all of our P-BAS chains in various. And they said that they validate that it's a regular transaction and they make sure that the source funds are there. And then they send that transaction over to Varus or actually Varus pulls the transactions from them and anyone can do that. Because all Varus needs to know is the root, the Ethereum blockchain, and everything else is just provable. And there's no, you know, Varus doesn't take a multi-sag. Varus, if Varus used the multi-sag model, the way that that would work is just, would be a centralized currency run by the ID. That is that currency, which can have, you know, 13 of 25 as sign or so it's a dow. So, you know, somebody could do that, too. You as a user on the Varus platform, whether you're on the P-BAS chain or the Varus chain, you know that that currency is a centralized currency. And that, you know, you're going to need to trust whether it's, you know, like a WBTC type currency or something. You're going to need to trust the group of people behind it to be doing everything correctly. And that's kind of where bridges are today, cross-chain bridges, but they don't really just come out and say it for many reasons, that's opposed. Anyways, that's just an overview of why we're different. I'll say one more thing about P-BAS because there were a lot more people on than we had last time and it wasn't recorded last time. And that is that when you're running on P-BAS chains on the new test net, that's about, you know, that's going to be released in days. You can move the definition of one currency cross-chain so that that currency can now be sent through the bridges to other chains. And so you could, for example, and this is, you know, when we get to main net, this is how it will work, you could, for example, define or launch a currency on a P-BAS chain, not even on Varus. Then the definition to Varus, use that in Varus, um, optional liquidity baskets, then that definition over to Ethereum. Well, the, the Ethereum bridge won't be able to do this in this first release, but by the time we get to main net, that is one of the priorities of getting that into the Ethereum bridge. Send it to Ethereum as an ERC 20 automatic, automatically created ERC 20 definition. And then you can send all those currencies back and forth. So you're basically like punching holes through the bridges, but they're completely provable. They follow all the protocol and everything is provable. And the reason that we're going to be able to, not going to. Well, we're doing it now on the testing. You'll be able to do it in the next few days on TestNet. You'll basically be able to say, okay, I can take the Ethereum currencies that we will have through the Ethereum bridge. And I can send those to any P-BAS chain and I can use them on those P-BAS chains. And I can send them back to Varus. And I can create currencies on one P-BAS chain that I, that I, that I move the definition of that currency, Varus, and to another P-BAS chain. And so any currency definition, any ID definition, be it anywhere from the Varus network or the network of Varus compatible blockchains, the IP protocol compatible blockchain, will be able to be used on any other part of the network through this protocol. And we can start doing that in days on TestNet. And I don't know of a bridge that does that, for example. The reason that we're able to do that, and I don't even know how other, I don't even know how other platforms will be able to do this without Varus IDs. They're not going to be able to do it with what I've seen so far, because the way that it works is because we have Varus ID hierarchical namespace that allows that's also bound to currencies and bound to blockchains, which was all part of the plan, because we're able to do this. I have Golem.Eath, I get that from, you know, Therium to Varus. Same Golem.Eath, that name Golem.Eath is going to be the same currency on every blockchain in the network using that currency. And every part of the fractal, unlimited chain protocol network, they'll be able to know when it receives that currency. Is it coming, where is it coming from, or did it, like, what chains did it go through to get there? And so the interoperability is not just one system interoperating with another on the hard-coded currencies, we decided to allow it to interoperate with. It's really a truly interoperable, limited chain and system interoperable blockchain network. And it's not based on the kind of bridging that Vitalik assumed when he said bridging isn't going to be good because he was assuming the wrong kind of bridging in his world. Yeah, for the VM and the models they've got to work with and that they have to cram their ideas into, yeah, you know, they're having lots of troubles. And you know, it's easy to say these words when we're not on mainnet yet, but so far I haven't seen any of any of the problems that I've seen on these different bridges. There are not problems that our model is susceptible to. So that's, you know, another reason why we're just making sure that we get this right, we release it and it's a new model. It's provable, bridging. All you need is to know that you understand the state of the other chain. It's provable bridging and, you know, I don't, we took a different approach and everyone else. And the ideas fit right into that to make it something that right on on TestNet. It just works. It's really, it's really beautiful and I don't, I kind of wish that I had time to jump into that conversation about a Solana bridge hack and all the stuff because I think it's, I still believe it's more valuable for us to just get this stuff done. And for people like all bits who understand, you know, how to, how to help others understand and maybe some people now on this discussion or who read what all bits had to say or, you know, would know more about how to talk about it. I'm happy to answer questions if you would help people know how to talk about it. And when we finish this stuff and it's on main that I will be in those conversations. I'm not going to be so quiet. But right now, you know, my energy is focused on getting these things done along with other people who have their energy focused on that and just finishing and getting them released and it's going well right now it's going well. And you know, the new, I really hope that people will take advantage of the new TestNet and we're going to do more on it because of what it's capable of doing. So, anyways, I'll stop.